This application has been developed using Android Studio v 2.2.2 and tested using:
	1- Samsung Note 4 Phone Android API 24
	2- Nexus 7 Tablet Android API 22
	3- Samsung J1 Phone Android API 20

To run this application, follow these instructions:
1- Extract infoGo.zip to a new folder
2- On Android Studio, go to File, New, Import Project.
3- Select the new extracted infoGo
4- After the gradle building is done, make sure to have an android device ready
5- Make sure that the Developer Mode is on, and the USB Debugging is turned on
6- Run the application
7- Make sure the device is connected to the internet 
8- Sign up/Sign in and Enjoy!

InfoGo functionalities:
1- Record Current Location: allows user to store their current location in a database, and view their previosly recorded places.
2- Place Information: displays to the user a prediction of information about the nearby places, using their GPS.
3- Geofencing: allows the user to tag their current location as a "Hot" destination, and then be notified later when they are near that place.
4- Wi-Fi Scan: using the device's wifi, the it displays to the user a list of nearby Access Points, alongside with their SSID. It also tells the user which AP is the closest and has the strongest signal. It also displays a list of previosly recorded scans.
5- Bluetooth Scan: Using the device's Bluetooth, it scans and displays to the user a list of nearby bluetooth devices. It also retrieves previously searched scans.
6- Picture Taking: It allows the user to take pictures and store them in a database, it also allows them to edit the description of these pictures. Additionally, the user can view their previously taken pictures either on a list, or on a map.
7- Activity Recognition: It tracks the user's movement and draw a line between the location where they started walking and the location the finished walking at. It also shows if the user is on foot or not.
8- Indoor Tracking: using wifi tringulation, the app can determine the location of the user inside a given building (BG building) and displays it on the screen.
